# Y1-Sem2-CALab2

1. Write a Python function what_am_I(input_list, my_type) which takes a nonempty parameter, input_list, and a Python 
type my_type. my_type has a default
value of "all". The function will return a dictionary, with the types of the list
elements as keys and the relative content of the elements as a list.
For example:
input_list = [1, "It's", 1.2, "fun", {"hi": "you"}, "time", 2]
what_am_I(input_list) ⇒ {'int':	[1,	2],	'str':	["It's", 'fun', 'time'],
'float':	[1.2],	'dict':	[{"hi": "you"}]}
To get the name of a type as a string use:
type_as_string = str(my_type.__name__)
When my_type="all", or only input_list is passed as a parameter, all types are
included in the returned dictionary, but when my_type is set to a Python
type, only that type will be returned in the dictionary:
For example:
input_list = [1, "It's", 1.2, "fun", {"hi": "you"}, "time", 2]
what_am_I(input_list, my_type=str) ⇒ {'str':	["It's", 'fun', 'time']}

2. Write a Python function who_am_I(file_input) which take a parameter,
file_input, which is the name of a file (assume the file is in the same folder as this
functions.py file). The file contains a number of rows of content, each row
consists of a list of different elements, with the structure [int, float, bool, str].
Extract the content from the file, convert to the respective type, create a list of
the content, call what_am_I(input_list) and return the generated dictionary, in
the same order as the file input structure, outlined above.
For example:
content of the file - "input.txt":
[1, 2.4, True, "Oops"]
[2, 1.4, False, "OK"]
who_am_I("input.txt") ⇒ {'int':	[1,	2],	'float':	[2.4,	1.4],	
'bool':	[True,	False], 'str': ['Oops',	'OK']}
Remember any value that is not a 0 is seen as a boolean True
Do not worry, if you cannot get what_am_I(input_list) working, as I will test the
code in this function, against my version of what_am_I(input_list)

3. Write a Python function matrices(file_input) which take a parameter, file_input,
which is the name of a file (assume the file is in the same folder as this
functions.py file). The file contains 6 rows of content, with 6 values per line,
comma separated. The function will extract all the lines from the file and return
a reversed matrices (rows and columns are reversed). Making sure to cast all
elements of the reversed matrices to integers:
For example:
content of the file - "input2.txt":
1, 4, 7, 9, 8, 322
.... (the dots here represent the other 4 lines)
8, 5, 7, 4, 5, 102
matrices("input2.txt") ⇒ [[1, ....,	8],	[4,	....,	5],	[7,	...., 7],	[9,	....,	4],	
[8,	....,	5], [322,	....,	102]]

4. Write a Python function sum_me(matrices_list) which take a parameter,
matrices_list, which is a 6 row/column matrices. The function will return two
lists. The first list contains 6 values which equate to the summed values of each
row. The second list contains 6 values which equate to the summed values of
each column.
For example:
matrices_list = [ [1,2,3,4,5,1],
 [1,2,3,4,5,2],
 [1,2,3,4,5,3],
 [1,2,3,4,5,4],
 [1,2,3,4,5,5],
 [1,2,3,4,5,6] ]
sum_me(matrices_list) ⇒ ([16,	17,	18,	19,	20, 21], [6, 12, 18, 24,	30,	21])

5. The goal of this question consists of you strengthen the functions define in Q.1
to Q.4. So, strengthen your code to cover errors generated by possible incorrect
input parameters, casting errors, etc.
The output error message for each function should be:
"Oops, there was an error in <function_name>"
Where <function_name> is the name of the function defined in the question.
Do not include the parameter name(s) in the output error message.
